in this organization, it's inevitable. There are going to be some bumps
in the road both professionally and personally. Early in my career,
I had a bump in the road and, uh, I had to go to a d r B, a disciplinary
review board. That's where you stand in front of the chiefs of
your command and they ask you questions, fact finding questions. Um,
what I learned from that is that we're all going to make mistakes
and that there are people here that care about you, and because of
that, you can get through it. Um, there are There are chiefs who wanna
help you. There are petty officers who want to help you, and there
are commanding officers and executive officers who want to help you.
So while there are bumps in the roads and things that happen, there
is gonna always be somebody there. Thio talk you through it, uh,
give you different tools to help you work through it. I like I was saying
early in my career I had to go to a D r B because I was late for
work. Um, I was on the ship at that time, and you could never, ever
miss ships movement. Um, and I didn't go to mass, but I did go to
DRB, and it was devastating. And at that time, sometimes when you have
a bump in the road, people see you differently. But coming to work,
uh, doing better? Um, you know, asking questions, getting help,
maybe talking to someone, your chaplain or counseling things like that
that could help you also get through those things. And that was one
of the things I had to do. I was late for work and for personal reasons.
And my lpo. She helped me by offering counseling and chaplains
services so you can get through the bumps in the road. You just have
to make sure that you're you're willing thio, ask for help and,
uh, receive the help as well.